I am opening fairy tales again, the papuan of those peoples, the native of the New Guinea, those who are closely connected to it.
There are many interesting facts about the character of the eagle and about the long flight.
You will find it not difficult, what can be surprised about the ladies of the working, going out to marry,
but there is no joke, if you lie so, you go to the Nivets.
About the thick rocky sea and about the mountains alone.
About the distant white rifts and amifes, what from where?
How the mucodalbe from the cologne and about the lunar runaway geba.
Bread with agave on the essence, everywhere sweet birds of paradise.
About walking trees, about faith about the fire, and about the fire of the sun from the sky.
Let me not be there ever, fairy tales I open again.